CryWrap Installation notes
==========================

Build requirements
------------------

In order to compile CryWrap from sources certain additional software
must be present on the build system, including a POSIX-compatible
shell (usually /bin/sh), a POSIX compliant C library, a compiler that
supports C99 (GCC is such a compiler), GNU make, GnuTLS (version 1.0.0
or later), and Libidn.

How to compile CryWrap
----------------------

Its really quite simple - its about the same difficulty as compiling
any GNU software.

Just `cd' to the directory containing the sources, and type
`./configure'.  This will try to collect as much information about the
build environment as is needed to successfully compile the package.
This step usually takes a while, so feel free to sit back and drink a
cup of tea.

When `configure' finished successfully, the package can be compiled by
issuing the `make' (or `gmake' on certain non-GNU systems) command.
This will build both the executable in `src/crywrap' and certain
support files.

To install them all to their proper place, issue the `make install'
command, as the final step of the installation stage.  For information
about configuring and running CryWrap, please see the manual page.

To clean the source tree, run `make clean' - this is useful if one
wants to force a rebuild or make a whole-tree diff between the
original and a modified version of CryWrap.  To also clean the files
`configure' created, use the `make distclean' command.  If one wants
to build CryWrap for a different machine, or with different options,
this is the command to issue.

Compilers and Options
---------------------

Some systems require unusual options for compilation or linking that
the `configure' script does not know about.  Run `./configure --help'
for details on some of the pertinent environment variables.

You can give `configure' initial values for configuration parameters
by setting variables in the command line or in the environment.  Here
is an example:

      ./configure CC=gcc CFLAGS="-Wno-shadow -O2" LIBS=-lposix

Installation Names
------------------

By default, `make install' will install the package's files in
`/usr/local/bin', `/usr/local/man', etc.  You can specify an
installation prefix other than `/usr/local' by giving `configure' the
option `--prefix=PATH'.

You can specify separate installation prefixes for
architecture-specific files and architecture-independent files.  If
you give `configure' the option `--exec-prefix=PATH', the package will
use PATH as the prefix for installing programs and libraries.
Documentation and other data files will still use the regular prefix.

In addition, if you use an unusual directory layout you can give
options like `--bindir=PATH' to specify different values for
particular kinds of files.  Run `configure --help' for a list of the
directories you can set and what kinds of files go in them.

Optional Features
-----------------

CryWrap can be configured with or without certain features - such as
extra debugging.  Some of these are enabled by default, some are not.

The list of options to control these features are listed below:

* `--enable-debug'
	Strictly for debugging purposes. This makes CryWrap log an
	awful lot of information and behave slightly differently (so
	it can be ran under a debugger painlessly), which is of no use
	to anyone but developers.
